## Introduction of Software Engineering
> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_engineering

## Quotation
> While global outsourcing has several advantages, global – and generally distributed – development can run into serious difficulties resulting from the distance between developers. This is due to the key elements of this type of distance that have been identified as geographical, temporal, cultural and communication (that includes the use of different languages and dialects of English in different locations).[76] Research has been carried out in the area of global software development over the last 15 years and an extensive body of relevant work published that highlights the benefits and problems associated with the complex activity. As with other aspects of software engineering research is ongoing in this and related areas.

## Comment by Alex Yu
> While global outsourcing and distributed development offers numerous advantages, how does software developers effectively bridge the cultural and linguistic gap? Is there any tools or platforms that allows us to overcome such challenges. Because sometimes the tools might just overlook the language differences and miscommunication, which further complicates seamless workflow. For me, the cultural variation might sometimes impact the problem-solving approaches and decision-making process. So I would prefer use some AI translation software to assist the distributed development. Natural Language Processing (NLP) does effectively improve the communication. And I also wonder whether we could develop an AI-driven system that could analyze team workflows, optimize scheduling, reduce miscommunication, and even balance workloads across time zones.
